# AHB2APB-using-Verilog
The AHB to APB bridge interface is an AHB slave. When accessed (in normal operation or system test) it initiates an access to the APB. APB accesses are of different duration (three HCLK cycles in the EASY for a read, and two cycles for a write). They also have their width fixed to one word, which means it is not possible to write only an 8-bit section of a 32-bit APB register. APB peripherals do notneed a PCLK input as the APB access is timed with an enable signal generated by the AHB to APB bridge interface. This makes APB peripherals low power consumption parts, because they are only strobed when accessed.The AHB to APB bridge is an AHB slave, providing an interface between the high speed AHB and the low-power APB. Read and write transfers on the AHB are converted into equivalent transfers on the APB. As the APB is not pipelined, then wait states are added during transfers to and from the APB when the AHB isrequired to wait for the APB.It is required to bridge the communication gap between low bandwidth peripherals on APB with the high bandwidth ARM Processors and/or other high-speed devices on AHB. This ensures that there is no data loss between AHB to APB or APB to AHB data transfers. AHB2APB interfaces AHB and APB. It buffers address, controls and data from the AHB, drives the APB peripherals and return data along with response signal to the AHB. The AHB2APB interface is designed to operate when AHB and APB clocks have the any combination of frequency and phase. TheAHB2APB performs transfer of data from AHB to APB for write cycle and APB to AHB for Read cycle. Interface between AMBA high performance bus (AHB) and AMBA peripheral bus (APB). It provides latching of address, controls and data signals for APB peripherals.
